# ME405-mecha16-W2024-lab03
  Our closed loop motor controller inputs values of Kp, set_point, and measured_position. The measured position is read from our encoder_read.py. Kp is the proportional gain constant. The signal sent to the motor is then the difference between set_point and measured position multiplied by the Kp, recieved by our motor_driver.py. Tuning of the Kp value is essential for proper motor funciton. If Kp is set too high the motor will overshoot. Additionally, maximum effort is saturated, so increasing Kp too much has dimininshing returns. If Kp is too low it will undershoot. The lower the value, the more steady state error.
  
  For our step-response test, we prompted the motor to do 360 degree turn (the setpoint inpput). In the GUI, we created a get text prompt in order to enter in Kp values. main.py was then written to collect the time and position until the controller would prompt the motor to stop. Once stopped, it would print values of time and position in a 2 column matrix. This data was then read through the serial port for graphing. We also connected our motor to a large aluminum flywheel as to add some inertia to our system so that our results were more substantial between Kp values. 
  
  We tested the Kp around our nominally appropriate value from testing which was 1. This value was found by continually running our step response until we got the fastest response time with very slight overshoot. The other two values were .5 and 5. The Kp value of.5 was chosen due to its slow response while still maintaning sizable results. The Kp value of 5 was chosen to show a oscillatory response.
  The results of our test are shown in the plot below, with all three values of Kp overlapped on the same graph.
  
